In the United States, millions take the drug marijuana. There have been many debates about whether or not this drug should or should not be legalized, but there is an overwhelmingly large amount of evidence for the former. Although some may say that legalizing marijuana would simply be unethical, we now live in the age where you can get high from sniffing dollar bills. Many of the addicts are teenagers, who, with their rebellious nature, try the drug because it is illegal. If marijuana were legalized, the government would also be benefited thanks to the tax money. The drug can even help individuals live happier lives by helping treat muscle spasms, seizure disorders, poor appetite, weight loss, and many more unhealthy disorders. Police officers spend hours arresting people with tiny amounts of marijuana on them. This time could be spent stopping more serious crimes, like robberies or assault. This is only part of the vast amount of evidence supporting the idea that marijuana should be legalized.
	Although some argue that marijuana legalization is simply wrong, we live in an era when you can get high by sniffing our currency. If these people thought drug use was unethical, they should have spoken up about it before. Over ninety-percent of dollar bills are laced with cocaine. Since marijuana is the most popular drug in the world, that number is probably also true for marijuana. In fact, the drug is so widespread that even Obama, our current president used the drug as a child. Individuals who are against such drug use should have tried to build the dam before the flood.
	As adults know, adolescents have an urge to break free from their parents’ protective grasp. They try to do so by disobeying them and since illegalities are the ultimate “no no,” teenagers are compelled to become juvenile delinquents. This is why many teenagers are drug addicts so early on. If marijuana were legal, fewer delinquents would consider it since it’s not illegal anymore.
	When the government doesn’t have enough money, they tax us, the citizens more. If marijuana were legalized, the government could put a giant tax on it to discourage buyers and obtain money at the same time, thus lightening the monetary burden it has to carry. Taxing marijuana would also allow for more funding for schools and national parks. Even the most fervently arguing marijuana legalization opponents would agree that a couple high people is worth better education and care for students and endangered animals.

Shane turned to face him, resting his elbows on his knees. He was openly studying him now, his eyes crinkled with worry scanning Ryan over as if searching for any injuries that he can bandage and make better. Ryan returned the scrutiny in kind and blinked in surprise. Were the dark bruises under Shane's eyes there before? It looked like he had pulled a more than a few late nights, and Ryan hoped it was of his own volition. He himself hadn't been sleeping well for the past few days, always waking up with the sheets tangled around him like ropes, his heart racing with fear, though he never could remember what had caused it. It had become increasingly difficult to head to bed, knowing what he would face in sleep. So he had stayed up. Even his colleagues had noted the spike in his daily caffeine intake.
In the decade after the discovery of gold in 1848, California was transformed by the arrival of hundreds of thousands of migrants. These new arrivals, whether miner or merchant, American or foreign, all sought the glittering promises of wealth and advancement of Gold Rush California. However, the Gold Rush was not as nearly as idyllic as it is commonly portrayed. Especially for indigenous Californians and Californios, the Gold Rush was devastating to their livelihoods and survival. Non-white migrants faced prejudice and state-sanctioned discrimination, and even white arrivals found that their dreams would not be realized. While some participants and observers of the Gold Rush saw a land of bountiful opportunity for anyone who worked for it, many found the Gold Rush to be a disappointing, even harmful experience. 
Later historical analyses of the California Gold Rush at the end of the 19th century tended to depict the Gold Rush as a purely positive process. Charles Howard Shinn claims that mining communities were “a manifestation of the inherent capacities of that race  Anglo-Saxons  for self-government,” where all were “ruled by equal laws” (Isenberg 127). Shinn whitewashes the Gold Rush both figuratively and literally. In showcasing the mining camps as paradisiacal exemplars of a perfect democratic society, he disregards the vigilantism, conflict, and inequality present at the time. In painting the Gold Rush as an entirely white American affair, he ignores thousands of immigrants from Asia and Latin America, as well as those who lived in California before the Gold Rush. Praise of the Gold Rush also extended to the new settlement and development left in its aftermath: Hubert Howe Bancroft chronicles how “the land has been converted into a region smiling with grain-fields, orchards, and vineyards” with achievements such as “the largest hydraulic mines, the largest mining-ditches,” and “the highest aqueduct” (Iseberg 130). Bancroft extolls the virtues of California’s transformation, presenting the experience of the Gold Rush as a force spreading “civilization” and America to new lands.

Now I take care of instances where there are lockers next to the hallway cells. Because the presence of lockers slows down movement, I will adjust the values in the PT array accordingly. If there is 1 locker-cell next to the cell a person may move into, then all values of TT would be halved.  If there are two “locker-cells” next to the cell being considered, then all values of TT would be divided by three. In these cases, the probability of staying in the cell would be  in the matrix. This method is not ideal, but it does ensure all elements in PT add up to one (1) and that the person still has a tendency to go towards the fastest route to the desired classroom. Ideally, the likelihood of staying in the current cell (i.e. slows down) is dependent on how many people are at their lockers, but in this model, I do not take population density into consideration. I simply slow everyone down artificially when they encounter lockers. 

Finally, I can establish probabilities by creating a probability matrix: rows are the cells that the person would go into and the columns are the cells the person started from.  The probability index is made based on cell indexes and not coordinates, but the time and probability from time calculations are done using coordinates, so I need to use equation (1) and (2).

The probability matrix generated is specific only to how people in all the cells are moving to one specific classroom, so I would take the probability matrix, multiply it with the slice of the original “before” concentration matrix that contains how many people in the cells are all moving towards the same classroom (column) and I get the new cell positions of those people. I add this slice to its corresponding place in a new “after” concentration matrix with the same dimensions. After performing the time and probability calculations for every cell where there are people in the now “before” concentration matrix, I would have added the new movements and new positions of all the people to the “after matrix” and this “after matrix” would reflect the movements of people after a single calculation. 

Next, I store this “after matrix” in a 3-D matrix with the third dimension being time the simulation runs, or in other words, the number of times the time and probability calculations are done for the entire “before” concentration matrix. For the next set of calculations, the “after” concentration matrix becomes the new “before” concentration matrix.